We installed the library, now we need to link it. For this,
I'll start our project in Xcode,
you can simply go to the iOS folder in your Windows Explorer or Mac Finder and double click on this
Xcode proj file here.
Now in Xcode, for every library that touches native device features, there are at least two steps you
always need to do
and further steps can always be taken from the documentation of that library.
The first one is to right click on the library's folder here on the left panel,
if you don't see that, click that button here on the top right to add it or remove it.
So click on libraries and then click on add file to and there is your project name.
Now in the opening window which should automatically be navigated into your project, click on node modules
which is where all your dependencies are stored and there, simply pick the one you just installed,
react native vector icons. In there, you typically always have something like an iOS folder or anywhere
else, you have a Xcode project,
so ending with .xcodeproj
.
this one in this case. Could be in the iOS subfolder, in this case it's in the root folder,
simply click add to add this to your libraries.
The next step is to click on your project itself here
on the top of the left panel and then click on build faces here in the middle.
On build faces, click on link binary with libraries and there on the plus icon at the end of the list,
you may now simply search for some words that occurs in your library name like in this one, search for
vector and you should find a lib rn for react native, in this case vector icons, whatever your library
is named, click add and that's it.
These are the core steps you need to do in every iOS project
and then as I mentioned, the specific library you're using might require some additional steps,
in this case here, we also need to drag the font we want to use from node modules and the library folder
into our Xcode project and then edit the info plist which is like an asset list or information list
for our iOS app containing some important information this app needs for running correctly.
By the way, I use the first manual approach, you can use Cocoapods,
I'm not going to dive into this here in this course,
I'm not using them,
I also found them to behave a bit buggy when using them with react native.
So let's do these two steps now, for that'll first bring up the finder
and in the finder, I'll go into node modules
in my project folder, search for the package, react native vector icons and then just because we need
to do it in this package, we are instructed to copy the fonts folder or just the one we want in your
Xcode project,
so I'm going to do this. I'm going to go into the fonts folder and I want to use the ionicons,
so I'm going to drag the ionicons.ttf file into my project, just here at the top.
And then here, make sure to check your project name under add to targets, if you copied the whole folder,
make sure that you check create groups
otherwise this setting here is correct.
So click finish,
now we edit this and now we need to add our info plist and that can all be found on the official documentation
and there, you can simply right click on information property list,
add a row and simply type fonts provided by application,
it should auto complete,
that's an array which you can expand and then simply add your font
you want to use, so the file name you just added,
in my case it's ionicons.ttf and that's it.
With that, you got your Xcode project prepared,
you're now prepared to use these icons.
Let me in the
next lecture show you how you do the same for Android studio and for Android apps.